What is this place?
No-one comes here.
You look beautiful.
That's my mum's.
What if something should happen
to the baby?
Maybe we should...tell someone
that we're here.
Everything you need
is right here.
Isaac!
Look, I-I didn't kill him!
It's me. Sam.
Look. You remember that, right?
And I know about Annie,
your mum.
Thank you. Thank you.
What are you doing?
There's no-one at the farm.
They've cleared out.
No idea where.
What did she say
in the message?
That she didn't feel safe.
That she needed my help.
She sounded terrified.
What will happen to the baby
if she reverts to her own age?
She'll have to come back
for more.
I think I saw Herb.
Yesterday when I dropped
his jacket back.
He wasn't in his wheelchair.
What the hell, Dave?
You can't be here, mate.
You're still suspended...
Zacky?
Isaac!
Honey?
The national anthem
of Hungary.
Whatever they say about me
I want you to know
I didn't do it.
OK.
But I'd never, ever
do that to you.
Who...
Who are you?
Rhonda!
What is it?
-It's Griffo.
-What?
He's, um...
I need you to come down
to the station.
Yes?
-Can I help you?
-Um...
Frank Warlie?
Yes.
35th Squadron?
I'm...
..er...
..I'm with the RAAF
Ex-Servicemen Association.
I'm here to return your jacket.
If this was yours.
Ah... Ha!
Good heavens!
Um... Come in, come in.
It's so weird, isn't it?
I never needed to worry.
Everything's as it should be.
Sweetheart?
-Gwennie?
-Hey.
-Sweetheart. Sweetheart.
Is that a cramp?
-Is it the baby or...?
-I don't know.
-Do you need another one?
-I don't know. I don't know.
-I don't know.
-The plant. Where is it?
I can't help you
unless you tell me.
Loris, where's Herb?
This can't be part
of God's plan.
The plant, Loris,
where is it?
Please. It's for Gwen.
I know. She was here.
Oh, God.
This doesn't make sense.
Why would she do this?
She didn't. I did.
Why would you do it?
Because it's an abomination.
Does Gwen know about it
No.
You sure you want to do this
now?
Is this David Griffiths?
I'll give you some time.
No, things weren't good
between us.
Not for a long while.
There's a lot
I didn't believe him about.
Do you recognise him?
Did he have something
to do with...?
Griffo was investigating a link
between him and this man.
Did he mention anything
about either of them?
You stay in here
as long as you like.
Viv. What is it?
Isaac.
-Is this the man you saw?
-Yes.
He was tied up in that chair.
And Griffo was right there.
I think we found
our lead suspect.
We need to clear
everyone out.
This is before
the Tet Offensive, of course.
Our boys knew the Viet Cong
wanted Khe Sanh
to give them an invasion route
in the northern provinces.
That way they could outflank
US positions south of the DMZ.
I can't believe you know
all this.
Strangest thing.
You're the dead ringer
of an old mate of mine.
That right?
Or might be the old mind
is playing tricks again.
Oh! I haven't even offered you
a cuppa!
I'll get it.
-Oh. Would you mind?
-Not at all.
Two sugars.
My wife was a great hostess.
Me, I'm hopeless.
Your wife, is she...
Oh, gone to God.
Long time ago now.
I'm sorry.
Max. You're wasting your time.
It's gone. Been ripped out.
Where's Gwen? She rang me,
desperate for help.
No, she didn't.
She's fine.
She's more than fine.
It's OK.
Everything's gonna be OK.
I promise.
Here you go, Frank.
Ohhh.
Thank you, son.
I think this milk's a bit off.
No, I think it's fine.
Oh.
Old tastebuds aren't
what they used to be.
Nothing is.
Oh, come on.
You're in great shape.
Sorry...
..what was your name?
Herb.
Herb?!
No.
You're kidding me!
It's alright, Frank.
It's alright.
It happened to me too.
Here.
Ohhh.
No, I must have...
I must have hit my head.
You knew it was me, didn't you?
When I opened the door.
I could always read your face.
Herb?
-It's alright, Frank.
It's a second chance, I guess.
And I don't know how it works
or whether we're imagining
the whole thing but...
..we can be us again.
Stop.
No. I don't know what's going
on, or what you've done to me
but you need to go.
Get out!
Get out.
Herb?
-What happened?
-I don't know.
You right?
Herb?
Herb, you OK?
Herb!
-Herb!
-Don't come in. I'm fine.
Herb.
I'm sure it'll just...
Herb!
Don't come in!
Don't come... Don't come in!
How are you holding up
-Alright. You right?
-Yep.
Um, excuse me.
Ah, that's my mum's.
The necklace.
Oh, um...
Here.
I'm sorry. They're gone.
No, no, no, no.
-Gwen.
-Don't!
Herb?
No, no, please, please
don't come in.
Come on, Herb. Open the door.
No, please.
Herb!
Hey. Hey.
There you are.
Isn't it funny, you know,
how the mind works
in spite of itself?
What do you mean?
Well...
..I...I tried hard
to forget you.
The brief time we had together.
But the harder I tried,
and the years went by...
..those memories just kept
getting stronger and stronger.
Blast. I'll get rid of them.
-Can I help you?
-I'm looking for Frank War...
-You must be his...
-His wife.
L-Loris!
I, er... I was...just...
Your wheelchair's in the car.
Shhh! Hey, kid, guess who?!
Hey, my wrist. My wrist.
My tat. You remember?
Yeah. I'm gonna take
my hand off, alright?
OK?
It's...
It's pretty wild, huh?
You're like... You're like
the Turritopsis dohrnii.
Yeah. What... What now?
The immortal jellyfish.
If it gets sick, it can
return back to a polyp.
Yeah.
It's just like that.
What's that date?
It's, er...
..Sammy's birthday.
My kid. I've got a kid.
My boy.
Last time I saw him
he was about your age.
What happened to him?
Some people just aren't
meant to be parents, you know.
He looked at me like I was
a hero. I wasn't.
I'm the bad guy.
So...I had to cut him loose,
you know, like from
a rotten leg,
to save him.
He, ah...
A few years ago
I stopped in on him.
See how he turned out, you know?
It's...
That morning, a car came
out of nowhere.
You should never outlive
your own kid.
I found this.
It's Mum's.
It means she's still here.
I know it.
Oh, no.
No, mate.
Get dressed.
-Get the fuck out of here!
-Max.
Ray!
Ray.
Thank you.
I'm having this baby, Ray.
You've given her what she needs.
Now, get out.
She's mine.
This child is mine.
I'm not going, Max.
Max.
If you love me, then you stop.
Just stop.
That's good. That's good.
That's good. Push.
Push. Come on, come on, love.
Push. It's coming.
I can see it!
You want to know how I did it?
It's a plant.
It grows where someone died.
Who died here?
Come on. Come on!
Push!
I'm sorry, mate.
Why... Why...
Why isn't...
Why isn't he breathing?
Ray?
No!